# Return to the Land 
### Private Membership Association 
# Articles of Association 
  
  
# Preamble: Guiding Principles
### Community Vision: 
### Community Mission: 
### Community Goals: 
# Article I. Declaration
1. This Private Association of Members hereby declare that our primary purpose is to protect and maintain our right to freedom of choice regarding the conduct of business and management of our assets by asserting our constitutional, contractual, and civil rights under the Supreme Creator, the Common Law and the Constitution of the United States of America. 
2. All Members affirm their belief that the Constitution of the United States guarantees all Americans, particularly Members of Private Membership Associations, the right of freedom of association, speech, contract, assembly, belief, and associated activities, and that these are among our inalienable rights.
3. All Members, as part of a constitutionally-protected Private Membership Association, affirm doubly the right of freedom of association, and hereby waive their rights to protection against discrimination for any reason under any anti-discrimination law, state, federal, or international, including but not limited to the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Fair Housing Act of 1968. All members of this Association understand that they may be discriminated against for any reason including that they may be a member of a protected class, and hereby waive their right to take legal action against this Association or its members, for exercising their constititutionally protected right to free association inside of an exclusive Private Membership Association that is not open to the general public. 
4. We declare and assert the right to select those whom we believe can be expected to give the wisest counsel and advice regarding those matters which form the basis of this Association and to authorize those Members who are most skilled to facilitate the actual performance and delivery of such relevant skills and services as they and we deem appropriate. We assert these rights under the Federal and State Constitutions, Federal and State law, the Common Law and the statutes and regulations interpreting them.
5. We claim our freedom to choose and accept for ourselves the types of tools and services provided by RTTL that we think might best benefit us in the pursuance of our goals. We do this in order that we might achieve specific outcomes which do not in any way impinge upon the rights, safety or well-being of the Public. We reserve the right to include traditional, non-traditional or even unconventional options as our Member Facilitators choose to deliver, subject always to our own individual acceptance and approval.
6. We claim our freedom to choose and accept for ourselves the types of tools and services provided by RTTL that we think might best benefit us in the pursuance of our goals. We do this in order that we might achieve specific outcomes which do not in any way impinge upon the rights, safety or well-being of the Public. We reserve the right to include traditional, non-traditional or even unconventional options as our Member Facilitators choose to deliver, subject always to our own individual acceptance and approval.
7.  This Association recognizes all Members who are in accordance with our principles and policies. Membership shall endure for the lifetime of this Association unless revoked by the RTTL high council.

## Article II. Role 
1. The role of this Association, in addition to providing services and benefits to its Members, shall be that of a global umbrella association to guide the other RTTL regional Associations in carrying out our shared vision, mission, and goals.
2. The Association may provide various products and services, such as member acceptance and vetting, consulting, document templates, promotional materials, etc to the Member Regional Associations to help carry out our shared vision, mission, and goals.
3. Participation in this Association, and services and benefits from this Association, are limited to members only. It is not open to the general public.
4. A Private Membership Association protects the freedom of choice and association of its Members as stated in the 1st and 14th Amendments of the U.S. Constitution.
5. The Association shall maintain certification standards for Member Associations, whether binary or tier-based, including but not limited to the following:
  * That the Member Association must have well-written founding documents meeting specific standards
  * That the Member Association must statutize its relationship with this parent association and the limited authority of the parent association
  * That the Member Association have an active Board of Trustees or equivalent
  * That the Member Association act as a Private Club, with exclusive membership criteria, and that it may not be open to the general public
  * That the Member Association only source its members from this Association, to assure a strict vetting process and more importantly, to solidify all Associations' legal status as meeting Private Club criteria. 

## Article II. Management 
1. **Vested Management Powers:** All Members of the Association vest the full management power of the Association in a Board of Trustees. The Board shall carry out the general operations of the Association, with the power to make all decisions except those specifically vested in the members elsewhere in these Articles of Association. 
2. **Board of Trustees:** The Board of Trustees shall consist of 5 members: The President, the Vice President, the Secretary, and the Treasurer, and the Member At Large. They shall fulfill the traditional roles of these positions, including any tasks or roles indicated elsewhere in these Articles. Their terms shall be indefinite unless they resign, are recalled, or are replaced. 
3. **Replacement of Trustees:** The board may replace a Trustee who resigns, becomes incapacitated, or shows serious negligence or failure in the ability to perform their duties, by a majority vote of the remaining board members. In the case of a tie, the Trustee shall be replaced. In the case of a tie vote when selecting a replacement, the board shall select a different replacement that can win a majority vote. 
4. **Member Recall:** If 2/3 of the members of the Association vote to end the term of a Trustee, that Trustee's term shall therefore be ended, and the Board of Trustees shall select a suitable replacement.
5. **Initial Board Members:**
  * President:
  * Vice President:
  * Secretary:
  * Treasurer:
  * Member at Large:
## Article III. Membership 
1. **New Members:** To join, Members must apply, be accepted by a majority vote of the Board of Trustees or their delegates, review and sign a Membership Agreement, and must also review these Articles of Association. Exclusive and limiting criteria for new members shall be established by the Board of Trustees at their discretion in a formal document. 
3. **Individual Dues and Term:** New individual members must pay a $25 fee for membership in the Association, which is valid until death or until revocation by the Board of Trustees. Dues are non-refundable. Membership dues are a legal requirement to join a Private Membership Association.
5. **Association Dues and Term:** New Association members (for example, regional RTTL PMAs or group land buy LLCs) must pay a first-time fee of $100 to join, and a yearly fee of $50 (starting the second year). Membership continues until the fee is not paid or the membership is revoked by the Board of Trustees of this Association.
7. **Due Payments:** All dues payments shall be made per the instructions of the Treasurer of this association, or per those of his delegate. 
8. **Expulsion:** Any member may be expelled via a majority vote of the Board of Trustees, for violating the code of conduct. Minor infractions shall require a formal warning first, and grievious infractions shall not.
9. **Benefits:** From this organization, members may be selected to join RTTL Regional PMAs or other such affiliated Member Associations.
10. **Additional Fees:** The Association may offer additional products, advice, and services to Members and Member Associations at an additional cost.
11. **Membership Term:** * The term of the Membership begins on the date upon which the Membership is formalized, and continues until its revocation or until the dissolution of this Association. All Members must certify as to their acceptance of the entirety of these Articles as well as the Member Agreement.
12. **Privacy Policy:** Members have the option to register under pseudonyms or "usernames" with no special consideration or loss of rights aside from those already waived via these Articles and the Member Agreement. Member data shall not be shared with any government agency, nor stored beyond what is necessary for the normal record-keeping of the Association.
13. **Communications:** The Secretary shall be responsible for maintaining appropriate systems to keep track of members, signing of agreements, standing in relation to the code of conduct, emails and other communications, official records relating to membership, and anything else reasonably considered to be related to these tasks. The Treasurer shall be responsible for billing and maintaining records of dues payments. Furthermore, the Secretary shall be responsible with maintaining an email list system wherein each member can select a preference to receive proposals, votes/referendums, and announcements, to facilitate each member easily selecting their level of desired participation in the organization and reducing correspondence fatigue. 

## Article IV. Code of Conduct 
1. All members of this Association must try to be the absolute best versions of themselves for the benefit of our Association. All Members must consistently strive for excellence and beauty in all things.
2. Members must behave in a professional and appropriate manner.
3. Members must refrain from typical diversive/subversive tactics that disrupt the group communications and cause correspondence fatigue, such as: Purity spiraling, concern trolling, and compulsive lying.
4. Individual Members are forbidden from contacting the entire Membership of this Association via group email. The Secretary must use an email server that does not convey the entire email list when official emails are sent. The proper method for sending a formal proposal, which can be done by any member of this Association, would be to send the proposal to the Secretary, who can forward it to the Membership in the next group email. Members may also form subcommittees of their own accord with the purpose of formally presenting a proposal to the Secretary for consideration by the Board of Trustees and communication to the members.
5. Violations of the code of conduct should result in a warning for minor infractions, followed by appropriate displinary action, up to and not excluding total expulsion from the Association as permitted in in the relevant Article pertaining to membership. Grievous infractions need not necessitate even a warning.
6. It is the most sacred duty of the Board of Trustees, and particularly the President, to swiftly deal with troublemakers who would disrupt group communications and cause correspondence fatigue and endless dramatic interchange among members or the board. The social atmosphere must be preserved, but even beyond that, the very existence of the group depends on the Trustees fulfilling this duty in the most effective and authoritative way possible.  
## Article V. Services and Products    
1. Members of RTTL that provide services, products, or advice do so in the capacity of fellow Member Facilitators in a private manner and not in any public capacity. Within RTTL, no Public Doctor-Patient or Public Provider-Client relationships exist, nor do any Contractor-Client, Vendor-Client, Tenant-Landlord, Lesser-Lessee relationships or similar, unless a separate agreement is drafted between individuals or organizations specifically waiving this Article of these RTTL Articles of Association, and in that case such waiver shall only exist in that specific circumstance between those specific individuals/organizations.
2. Within RTTL, the legal status of all members is changed from that of a Public Person to that of a Private Membership Association individual. In doing so, members relinquish certain Federal and State protections and privileges, and this is done with full knowledge and consent thereof.
3. The facilitators and other providers, who are fellow Members, offer advice, products, services, and benefits that are not necessarily conventional or traditional.
4. Members will exercise their rights for their own benefit and agree to hold harmless RTTL and Members/Member Facilitators from any unintentional liability that might result from the services, products, or advice received, except from any harm that could remotely result from an instance of deliberate fraud or “a clear and present danger of substantive evil” as determined by RTTL and defined by the United States Supreme Court.
5. Since RTTL is protected by the First, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution, it is exempt from any action of Federal, State or Local agencies entrusted to “protect the public” as it relates to any complaints or grievances against RTTL, its physical premises or equipment, its Trustees, Member Facilitators, Members, or other associated staff or consultants. All complaints or grievances will be settled by non-judicial arbitration within RTTL.
6. Membership and private Member records kept by RTTL are strictly protected and can only be released upon written request of the subject Member.
7. Members join this private Membership Association under the United States Constitution and the Common Law as recognized within the United States of America. Members seek to help each other achieve the vision, mission, and goals of the organization as stated elsewhere in these Articles of Incorporation.
8. All member activities within RTTL are a private matter and RTTL declines to share them with any Federal or State regulatory enforcement agency, including any medical board, FDA, Medicare or Medicaid, financial regulators, EPA, FHA, HUD, or any other similar agency. Any records that have been shared with other Members remain the property of RTTL.
9. Members agree not to file malpractice, civil or criminal lawsuits against a fellow Member, unless by willful action or inaction that Member exposes another Member to a clear and present danger of substantive evil. All Association Members are exempt from the provisions of any state business regulation, medical practices regulation or any similar federal, state or local legislation.
10. No member may join the Association whose purpose is to regulate or limit the practice of any professional service of any kind.


# Article VI. Amendments and Restatements 
1. An amendment may be submitted by any member to all the members for their ratification. If the Association achieves ratification of three-fourths (3/4) of the members that existed at the time the amendment was first submitted, the amendment will become a part of the Articles of Association and be binding upon all members within one year of passing the amendment. 
2. A restatement (defined as editing any existing text of the Articles of Association) may be submitted only by the Board of Trustees to all members for their ratification. If the Association achieves ratification of three-fourths (3/4) of the members that existed at the time the amendment was first submitted, the amendment will become a part of the Articles of Association and be binding upon all members within one year of passing the amendment. 
3. The Membership Agreement and other documents may be amended or restated at any time by a majority vote of the Board of Trustees effective immediately, but is only binding to members who sign the new agreement. 

# Article VII. Dissolution 
1. **Severance Clause:** In the event that any provision of this agreement, including any bylaws, rules, or regulations adopted pursuant to this agreement, is held to be invalid, illogical, contradictory, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The parties hereby agree to replace any invalid, illogical, contradictory, or unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable provision that comes closest to the original intent of the provision being replaced. Any such replacement shall not affect the overall purpose and objectives of this Private Membership Association, and the Association shall continue to operate in accordance with its remaining provisions. Any such replacement or provision shall not be considered as grounds to dissolve this Association or declare these Articles invalid.
2. **Voluntary Dissolution:** Via a 90% vote of the Members, or a unanimous vote of the Board of Trustees, this organization may be dissolved, with its assets being distributed at the discretion of the board, with the aim and intent of furthering the goals of this Association.
3. **Involuntary Dissolution:** This Association is constitutionally protected from any involuntary dissolution ordered or requested by any government or private entity, with the only exception being the Voluntary Dissolution process listed in this Article. All Members are protected from any penalties imposed by any government or private entity for refusal to dissolve ths Association. Via these Articles of Association, all Members declare their right to free association, and thus the right to form and continue this Association in perpetuity, to be inalienable. 

