# Membership Agreement 
## Return to the Land 
### Private Membership Association 

*This document pertains to the global, umbrella RTTL organization. Seperate PMA structures will be created for regional groups.* 
*All RTTL members must sign this document when joining the organization.*  
  
### PREAMBLE 

**I hereby apply for Membership** in Return To The Land, (hereinafter known as RTTL), a Private Membership Association. With the signing of this agreement I accept the offer made to become a Member and I express my agreement with the following Guiding Principles, Declaration, and Memorandum of Understanding:

### GUIDING PRINCIPLES 
*(To be added when they are finalized)*
### Community Vision: 
### Community Mission: 
### Community Goals: 
### DECLARATION

1. This Private Association of Members hereby declares that our primary purpose is to protect and maintain our right to freedom of choice regarding the conduct of business and management of our assets by asserting our constitutional, contractual, and civil rights under the Supreme Creator, the Common Law and the Constitution of the United States of America. 
2. I along with all Members affirm our belief that the Constitution of the United States guarantees all Americans, particularly Members of Private Membership Associations, the right of freedom of association, speech, contract, assembly, belief, and associated activities, and that these are among our inalienable rights.
3. I, as part of a constitutionally-protected Private Membership Association, affirm doubly the right of freedom of association, and hereby waive my rights to protection against discrimination for any reason under any anti-discrimination law, state, federal, or international, including but not limited to the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Fair Housing Act of 1968. I understand that I may be discriminated against for any reason including that I may be a member of a protected class, and hereby waive my right to take legal action against this Association or its members, for exercising their constititutionally protected right to free association inside of an exclusive Private Membership Association that is not open to the general public. 
4. We declare and assert the right to select those whom we believe can be expected to give the wisest counsel and advice regarding those matters which form the basis of this Association and to authorize those Members who are most skilled to facilitate the actual performance and delivery of such relevant skills and services as they and we deem appropriate. We assert these rights under the Federal and State Constitutions, Federal and State law, the Common Law and the statutes and regulations interpreting them.
5. We claim our freedom to choose and accept for ourselves the types of tools and services provided by RTTL that we think might best benefit us in the pursuance of our goals. We do this in order that we might achieve specific outcomes which do not in any way impinge upon the rights, safety or well-being of the Public. We reserve the right to include traditional, non-traditional or even unconventional options as our Member Facilitators choose to deliver, subject always to our own individual acceptance and approval.
6. We claim our freedom to choose and accept for ourselves the types of tools and services provided by RTTL that we think might best benefit us in the pursuance of our goals. We do this in order that we might achieve specific outcomes which do not in any way impinge upon the rights, safety or well-being of the Public. We reserve the right to include traditional, non-traditional or even unconventional options as our Member Facilitators choose to deliver, subject always to our own individual acceptance and approval.
7.  My Membership shall endure for the lifetime of this Association unless revoked by the RTTL Board of Trustees, or unless I resign.

### MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING

**Code of Conduct:** I will follow the code of conduct that is part of the RTTL Articles of Association.  

**Pursuit of Excellence:**  I will try to be the absolute best version of myself for the benefit of the Association. I will consistently strive for excellence and beauty in all things.  

**Services, Products, and Provider-Client Relationships:** I understand that those Members of RTTL that provide services, products, or advice do so in the capacity of fellow Member Facilitators in a private manner and not in any public capacity. I understand that within RTTL,no Public Doctor-Patient or Public Provider-Client relationships exist, nor do any Contractor-Client, Vendor-Client, Tenant-Landlord, Lesser-Lessee relationships or similar, unless a separate agreement is drafted between individuals or organizations specifically waiving this Memorandum and the relevant Article of the RTTL Articles of Association, and in that case such waiver shall only exist in that specific circumstance between those specific individuals/organizations. Within RTTL, I freely choose to change my legal status from that of a Public Person to that of a Private Membership Association individual. I realize that in doing so I relinquish certain Federal and State protections and privileges, and I do so with full knowledge and consent thereof.

**Liability:** I understand that it is my personal responsibility to evaluate the services, products, or advice offered and to educate myself as to the efficacy, risks, or desirability. I agree that the actions I take in this regard are of my own free will. If I am accepted for Membership, I will exercise my rights for my own benefit and agree to hold harmless RTTL and Member Facilitators from any unintentional liability that might result from the advice or services I receive, except from any harm that could remotely result from an instance of deliberate fraud or “a clear and present danger of substantive evil” as determined by RTTL and defined by the United States Supreme Court.

**Non-Judicial Arbitration:** I understand and accept that, since RTTL is protected by the First, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution, it is exempt from any action of international, federal, state, or local government and/or private agencies entrusted to “protect the public” as it relates to any complaints or grievances against RTTL, its physical premises or equipment, its Trustees, Member Facilitators or other associated staff or consultants. All complaints or grievances will be settled by non-judicial arbitration within RTTL. Also, those Membership and private Member records kept by RTTL are strictly protected and can only be released upon written request of the subject Member.

**Nature of Services Provided:** I agree that I am joining this private Membership Association under the United States Constitution and the Common Law as recognized within the United States of America. I understand that Members seek to help each other achieve the vision, mission, and goals of the RTTL organization. I understand and accept that the facilitators and other providers, who are fellow Members, offer advice, services, and benefits that are not necessarily conventional or traditional.As a Member, my goal is to accept those services, products, and advice that I feel will truly help me to achieve my relevant goals. I will choose those which, after careful deliberation and advice, I consider proper and which provide me a reasonable chance to achieve those goals. I realize that no services, products, or advice are foolproof. For example, if I choose to forgo procedures or actions that have been recommended by others in the public sector, I accept any resulting risk. I assert my right of informed consent.

**Privacy of Records:** My activities within RTTL are a private matter and I decline to share them with any Federal or State regulatory enforcement agency, including any medical board, FDA, Medicare or Medicaid, financial regulators, EPA, FHA, HUD, or any other similar agency. Any records that I have shared with other Members remain the property of RTTL.

**Waiver of Right to Litigation:** I, in becoming a Member, agree not to file malpractice, civil or criminal lawsuits against a fellow Member, unless by willful action or inaction that Member exposes me to a clear and present danger of substantive evil. I further agree that all Association Members are exempt from the provisions of any state business regulation, medical practices regulation or any similar federal, state or local legislation.
  
**Nefarious Representation and Waiver of Qualified Immunity:** I enter into this agreement of my own free will without any pressure or promise of benefit. I affirm that I do not represent any state or federal agency whose purpose is to regulate or limit the practice of any professional service of any kind, or collect any information regarding RTTL or its Members or Member Associations for purposes of provision of such information to a state authority or private entity. I agree that I will be subject to and must pay a fine of $500,000 to RTTL if I am joining this Association under false pretenses; for example, if I am joining this organization for the purposes of disruption, information collection, or encouragement of illegal activities, on behalf of a federal, state, or private entity. I waive any right to qualified immunity if I am a law enforcement officer or have entered into a qualified immunity agreement with any law enforcement or similar government agency, and will pay the fine in full within 30 days of notification, and will pay any legal fees that RTTL incurs in its collection efforts against me. I agree to personally pay the fine and waive any legal right I may have to pass this fine onto my employer, contractor, or handler. 
  
**Voting Interest:** I accept that this Membership does not entitle me to any voting interest in RTTL except for that explicitly permitted in the Articles of Association. I acknowledge I am not liable for any debts, liabilities, suits or judgments against RTTL. I understand that this Membership does not absolve me from any personal obligation outside of this Association.

**I have read and understand this contract, and the RTTL Articles of Association, and any questions I had were answered fully to my satisfaction. This document consists of my entire agreement for Membership and it supersedes any previous agreement I may have made, either express or implied.**

I understand that my Membership fee, if any, entitles me to receive those benefits declared by a Trustee to be general benefits, and that any further charges have been explained to me. I also agree to pay, as levied, for those benefits that I request and receive that are declared to be special assessments, as per a posted fee schedule.

The term of the Membership begins on the date upon which the membership is formalized by the RTTL Board of Trustees or their delegates, and continues until the dissolution of this Association, my resignation, or the revocation of my membership by the RTTL Board of Trustees. **By creating my Membership and Account on the RTTL Website, I do certify, attest and warrant that I have carefully read this application for Membership and I fully understand and agree with all the provisions stated herein.**

